analysis and a warm welcome
here at the toronto here at the largest
killerspiel of all times he must
not on a in which with
bodykit api gives
he knows the great fischer we are going
We can counter it
sit at the table or we try
us at least and I was with the man
the Beginning to talk and I once
one counted here set up here
above
I want that to be down here
There were many down here
we could take this with us
We have space once we have space
we have mourn we could do that
here with no
what are you doing here with him you can do it
break down here and we were off the whole
and take it with us so we have it
wrapped
we go under it now we mark
Let's get away from here about here and now
Here we go now
despite what it wants and I think so
are still at the top bobby
that may take a while now
I make a cut we see each other in good
1 1 3 3 2 1 0
so as soon you go little back
here and I want something you
less is actually I have fun
bought I bought good fun
German for small so here we have
an all makes fast look
As it is called here a Türkin box
toolbox no a type box so to speak
That's for the juniors
that's for the forest stage
yes we can see how it sounds
I sound a little bit now
like an old door but it attracts
chickens and you can then
complete with the pistol easy
aim at it and hit it off and
then you have a nice turkey for
fans low so we are still running
the eighth
hello girls we do not need girls
they do not bring us anything because we want to
that two have from the deer or
similar or whatever was needed yes
or the people by bringing out more at
the pigs it was something to vulture
that's just a mouse down there right now
a mouse that was a mouse or that is
but crawled out of the ground or
not what is missing here yes new is yes
Also, the geese summed up geese
you can now shoot whole ones yes
turkey is already winning for fans
what is missing here are only a few
really that in aasen he hunts that was
not so customer or something
that would not be bad yes so i think
that could take a while
we have traces now but me
think that was a girl
that would have to be close so much
sport and we are looking for something fast
that was an area that would have to be here
have been his eventually
I think that's what I asked the female
we can call her sometimes or something
as we humans just call here
through our chick
I do not think that brings anything
but shit
everything sounds to animal's
she is there I knew one is
girl took sound is the sound forth because
The people are a bit up to me
the same time below the female over
until we are in our point just
here after a beautiful rain and
a dive under the trees through
I discovered a trace
she has to be like a girl somewhere
be something here
I do not know if it is female or
male is news service
that's okay, the has been pissed off like that
a pig so i would so i went
a little bit the way it looks
it is not bad at all here
direction yes everything is nice open many
many tracks
ie we beat our tent here somewhere
on where it is hidden somewhere but
well, here we are many again
tracks like her music a book of it
trees might stop taking over
fewest traces are best
we are now near the water here
I think that's pretty good here
if we could do it up here
Could not back here
maybe after
Let me build shit tents here
is not a question let me but the
here counts a joke
willste Ramisch up here who's yet
but great here maybe here or here
here is nice flow here
bribed up here in the middle of the pampa
okay from me then we'll give it
watch this here yes I think so
that you can look good here
nice stops here and then
watch what fishermen are carrying around
jo i think that suits us well
the tent here
that we will hunt here next time
can
I would say I would say that
make the next time also nicole ebel
female ever I would say we have to
Wait a bit for the animals
come
but we will continue next time
or next time, come here
again next time where you understand
yes I would say we do that
next time only swine theme
nothing else hunger but I have there
pigs case built so a photo on
Drinking pressure we will go next time
well, we have to see this here now
let 's hack into the well yes to the
next time